DOCS-2654: Allow users to determine when to reconfigure (#3637)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/architecture/viam-server.md

You can see configuration changes made by yourself or by your collaborators by selecting **History** on the right side of your machine part's card on the **CONFIGURE** tab.
You can also revert to an earlier configuration from the History tab.

#### Conditional reconfiguration

If you only want to apply configuration updates under certain conditions, you can create a sensor with your conditions.
The sensor must return a true value when it is safe to update and a false value otherwise.

Add the following configuration to your machine's JSON configuration:

```json
// components: [ ... ],
// services: [ ... ],
maintenance : {
   "sensor_name" : string,
   "maintenance_allowed_key" : string
}
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Attribute | Type | Required? | Description |
| --------- | ---- | --------- | ----------- |

> | `sensor_name` | string | Optional | The name of the sensor that provides the information if it is safe to update a machine's configuration. |

Reviewer: I don't know if we should be a bit more specific - a `sensor_name` here should be the full name in the form `rdk:component:sensor/sensor1`, `sensor1` by itself will not work

> | `sensor_name` | string | Optional | The name of the sensor that provides the information if it is safe to update a machine's configuration. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `sensor_name` | string | **Required** | The full name of the sensor that provides the information if it is safe to update a machine's configuration. For example `rdk:component:sensor/sensor1`. |
```

> | `maintenance_allowed_key` | string | Optional | The key of the key value pair for the reading returned by the sensor. |

Reviewer: both keys are required if you want to use the feature

> | `maintenance_allowed_key` | string | Optional | The key of the key value pair for the reading returned by the sensor. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `maintenance_allowed_key` | string | **Required** | The key of the key value pair for the reading returned by the sensor. |
```
